Bump requests from 2.20.0 to 2.31.0 in /src/behavior (#185)
telefonicaid/fiware-keypass: src/behavior/requirements.txt

lettuce==0.2.19

> requests==2.31.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Blindly update from 2.20.0 (test/acceptance is no longer in use)
requests==2.31.0
```

lettuce==0.2.19

> # Blindly update from 2.20.0 (test/acceptance is no longer in use)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Blindly update from 2.20.0 (src/behaviour is no longer in use)
```
